---
layout: post
title: "Unwinding my 2025"
categories: Reflections
description: Unwinding my 2025. Revising the memories.
---
The 2025 has to be one of the most happening year of life till now. The year maybe has given me some of the best memories, moments and frieds that I will cherish for my life. This year my elder brother got married, I presented a paper(not a high quality one but yeah) for the first time, and also graduated. The year taught me about the importance of friends, the effect of having honest and good people around me, what there aura does to me as a person and  why they are important, and also kind of taught me quite a few things about the world which I may or may not be able to express clearly.

Ok so lets go and reflect one by one on this year.

Starting with January, the month was quite busy and went on very fast, as the marriage was in the first week of Feb, so the January was all about shopping and preparing for the wedding celebration. Also it was the begining of my final semester. Academically, in this sem, I had to work on a major project, and present and publish a paper to get my degree. I thoguht of working on a good idea, researching and doing some serious work, but it was very clear that I could only be able to start the same only after the marriage. So overall, January was all about preparing for the wedding ceremony.

Then comes February, out of eevrything the most happening month. From 2nd to 12th Feb it was all celebration and nothing else. I went to my native state after a long wait of I guess some 6-7 long years. It was raw madness. For me it was clear, it is my brother's marriage, and i have to dance and enjoy the hell out of it. I reached there 3 days back I guess by 29 or 30th of january. Did some shopping and then the guest started arriving from 31st, and as more people started coming, the fun also started increasing. Actually guest is not a correct word, FAMILY is something that can be used here. The whole family was present here as it was the first marriage in our generation, and everyone was equally excited. Used to sit with chote papa ji and bhaiya and chote dadaji listeninig to their mischievious childhood stories. Their happiness used to be clearly visible while discussing about their childhoods. From 2nd to 7th each day there was some functions, for me personally it was like each day wake up, eat, dance as if no one is watching, eat and sleep. No stress of academics or job. Full enjoyement. 2nd it was Tilak on 3rd it was Matkor followed by mehendi and sangeet, then 4th it was Devipujan, on 5th we had haldi and 6th was devpujji and 7th was barat. on 8th morning barat came back with dulhan the BHABHI JI. 9th was no function and guest started leaving and on 10th we had our train back to home. We reached home back on 11th eveninig, where yet again the neigbours were eagelry waiting to welcome us. It was a kind of a welcome, crackers and dhol and the decoration it was epic. For this welcome and all, I am kind of thankfull to the neighbors and few friends of mine, who made things easy for me, and were available at a single call. Then 12th was the reception party that we have organized for the neighbors and the people who are here with us from a very long time. Now on 12th yet again, my freinds showed up, they were just like, you need us, one call and we will be there for you. this were not just their words, but they stood on it and helped a lot.  Now after all this fun, I felt sick. It's not after all this fun, I was enjoing after having high fever from the 4th of feb, I was alive on paracetamol and ORS. After the wedding celebration had to leave for college as I had to attend the monthly progress review. Unaware of what to show and what to do, I reached college, where yet again friends became my lifline and in just few hours say 2-3 hours I was ready with ppt, progress report and also an idea. Stayed there for 2 days and again back to home. Everything was happeingn and I just for sake of fun and to test my knowledge applied for the admission examination of ISI Kolkata in their MTech in CSE and CrS. After the Wedding Celebration was done, I started revising and revisiting the concepts for this exam.

Now after such a happening Month, March was a kind of bit slow and silent for me. While I was enjoying the slow life here, I was unaware of the tsunami that was about to hit me we will talk about it. But this is March and after some 4 years I was back home, celebrated it in such a nice way with the school buddies. Then again as ususal have to leave for the College to attend the monthly review. The original plan was that the review is on 22nd so I'll start at 20th night from home and reach the hostel on 22nd morning, will attend the review and leave at night for my home and will be skipping the Lavaza, the annual cultural fest of my college. After reaching college and hostel, got a message that the review is postponed and will be rescheduled latter. Since the date was not clear and also the mode was not informed, I decided to stay in hostel, till the review and to go back only after finishing the review. Ok I had brought 2 pair of cloths as i have thought of the worst case that the review will be scheduled in 2-3 days and I'll come back no problem all set. So till now life is chill. 22nd is the last day of the Lavaza, took the roommates forcefullt to the event, and they also came here. Met Preeti, Bharath, Ramya and many more. Yet again danced in the most inappropriate ways in the crowd. and enjoyed a lot. now next day recieved a message that the review is rescheduled for 26th, and was like ok, no worries but the crux here was like it will be online, and I was like what the fuck. Lost money because of this reschedule and shit. Decided to stay in hostel, till the final review and to go home only once I am done with final presentation and completing all the academics. PS I have had already vacated the hostel in the middle of the 7th sem. So now I was residing in hostel illegaly. Now the next 45 days was the best time of my college life. Now let me introduce to the roommates and the people who made this 45 days the best time. So this was a 4 in 1 standard room. The room was alloted to Bhavesh, Nirmal, Sachin and Sujal, and they agreed to share their room with me, for as long as I want to stay. Now in this 4 in 1 setting we were already 5. Now apart from us, their was Malik and baalu a regular visitor of our room. And also Manish, who used to stay with us and at times Kishan would also come to spend some time here. Finally in a setting of 4 in 1 we were some 8-9 people in the room. And if not always 8 there were alwys a min of 6 people in the room. We had a schedule, where we used to have our breakfast daily at 7 am and then used to sleep. I used to sleep till 4-5 pm. And then after waking up, used to freshen up and connect with clg frineds on messages and call to get some sort of updates. then at 7 used to go for dinner and after dinner log in and start working. from 8 to 3 or 4 work, meetings standups and all. And this was not just my schedule but we all used to follow this. In case if done with the work used to play ludo and among us, and some random fun challenges, pranking and annoying sujal or nirmal, sponsooring the betrayars (sachin and bhavesh) and they never won a single penny for me. Also this was the month of ramzan, and the muslim students had sehri, and the quality of food used to be good, so we started going to sehri with malik, and he was also welcoming. One day on sehri, we decied of going on for a trip randomly. This time I was serious, but remaining of them were like making fun of me. And just for name sake they were like just saying ok, thinking that the plan would never succed. This was some 0500 when we decided that we are going to pondicheery. Sujal was out of plan as he had to study for his TCS drive, which never happended. I tried to take hime with me, but just as usual he denied and stayed in room. we checked for train. and say that there was one at 6:10 from perambut station. and it takes some 25-30 mins to reach at 5:15 we were at our room. The next day Bhavesh and Sachin had some mid term exam. so we decided for just. a one day and we will return at night. I was sure that today, if I will go out then either I will go to Pondicherry or Tirupati. Looking at three of them, I felt like they were just going to cancel it. But I was wrong. And that day I decided never to pre assume about someone's else thought, no matter how close or far way, I am from the other person. Now at 5:30 we booked a cab, and reached the station on time, and were amazed to see that the train was late. Since this was not pre planned, we had to travel in general berth. For me it was like after a very long time, that I was travelled in general berth, but by the god's grace, there was no rush in the coach. since we had not slept the previous night, we slept in the train for some 4-5 hours till we reach our destination. We rented two scooties as we were 4 and then explored the Pondicherry. Pondicherry was on 24th of march. To be honest, Pondicherry happened like this because, Ajay, Preeti and Bharath ditched me first. So out of rage, I just went there. Now, I dont remember the exact date, but again on 26 or 27th I asked them for Tirupati, so that if they would have agreed then I would have celbrated my birthday in Tirupati, but yet again amid yes and no the Plan cancelled. I finally decided that no matter what they say, on 30th morning, I will depart for Tirupati, I asked for one last time if anyone is ready to come by 0900, Bharath and Ramya agreed, told them to pack their bags, booked ticket of the first available train and started journey. We started at some 11 or 12 from hostel. We went from avadi to tiruttani and then from tirutani to tirupati. we reached tirupati by some 1600 or 1700. When we went out of station looking for some stay as I was tired and badly needed some sleep, at vishnu niwasam, saw a crowd runing in. Asked bharath what this crowd is about, and he mentioned that this is for SSD token, then I was like for what are we waiting, let's get it first, and then we will see what to do next. After some 2-3 hrs in the queue we finally got our tokens. Then after our dinner we went to sleep. The next day on 31st we three climbed up the Alipiri Metu and had the divine Darshan of Shri Venkateswara balaji. It was all his blessings that made it happened in such a smooth way. This was all about the March, my month of birth.


Now in April, the days were usual, have breakfast, sleep from morning to afternoon 4 or 5, and after dinner, work 8 hours and study for ISI. I was not studying full time though but used to revise things, which actually helped me in the exam. Everything was going good, then came 12th April. it was some 1850. Our room was dark. All 5 of us were sleepping, Malik enters to our Room and the conversation was as follow. 

malik: bhavesh sachin utho salo, khana khane nahi cahlna he? 
sachin: saturday he sale, kuch accha nahi milega
malik: utho sale, custord dega aaj. bhavesh utho be tum uthega tabhi ye bhi uthega.
bhavesh: bhai saharsh bhai se puch vo bolenge to sab chalenge
malik: saharsh bhai ooo saharsh bhai custord dega aaj utho na chalte he.
me: custord dega chalo chalte he. (with excitement)

we all woke up, went to mess, took our plates rice, paneer, dal, and custord, one by one, a table of 6 had some 25 cups of custord, something that was wrong, followed by an arguement of sachin and a warden, which then made things difficult for me, as i was an illegal resident. I was asked to vacate the hostel as soon as possible. I tried my best reaching out to dean but nothing helped and eventually had to vacate hostel on 16th. After vacating hostel, by the reference of Abhinav, got my self a bed in Meenakshi PG, where I spent my next 20 days. It was a new pg, a very few people were residing there, so it was a peaceful place. This 20 days gave me a good time to focus on myself. Our final review was scheduled on 5th of May. I was unaware of the fact that to attend the review it was essential that I present my paper in a scopus indexed or IEEE conference. with only a week left, I was shocked. My guide, was just so rude, neither did he help me in writing the paper, nor in project basically in nothing. He just wanted to get his name in paper as the first author and nothing else. Till 20th of April, I was taking it for granted, but when I realized that the guide is not going to help me and I have to make my own way, I started spending my time, searching for conferences, that are accepting responses, and also the contacts of the author, contacting them because, had I not completed my review on 5th of May, I had to wait till 28th of March, which I just could not accept. so after contacting some 50+ organizers of different organizers and citing them about the condition I was in, I got in touch with Dr. Shishir ji from MUJ. He was such a good human being, that he did not just understood me, but helped me, from improving my paper to getting it accepted, he played a very important role and it was because of him I could get my review done on 5th of May and leave the hostel. Also it was on the 24th of April at some 2200 I got a letter from my org after working my ass off for 1 year as an Intern, I was offered an FTe opportunity, which I accpted. This was my first FTE.

Now in May it was moving quick as had to do some paper stuff to attend the review. The things were easy only but the students and faculty use to hype up things so much, I just cant tell you. Like exaggeration at its peak. ON 4th of May, Sujal gave us a treat at pascah for his placement. Getting treat from him was not less than any accomplishment. Also 4th May was the last time I had poori sabji in mess. Sunday ke breakfast ki garam garam puri with aalo ki sabji literally fills my mouth my water. It was a blessing. Sunday morning ka breakfast in hostel is something that I am going to miss a lot. On 5th only i had my train to home. and 7th i reached home. And now there were only 3 days left, I had left for ISI entrance. I came across a book Art of Problem Solving. And I casually read the first 2-3 chapter's and the book came in disguise as a blessing, it opened my thinking, helped in approaching problems in quite a different way. It was useful. On 11th I appeared in the entrance, without any such preparation, the exam felt approachable, and made me feel confident that I can clear the entrance atleast. After matching with answer key, I felt short of 3 correct question to clear the cutoffs. But that's okay, the exam realized me that, given some time, I can do wonders. May also got me into confusion, even though I had an FTE offer, I am not sure, that whether I would love to live a life doing the 9-5 mainstream sde kind of job. I just dont want to be in this crows. I want something different. This daily 9-5 8 hours a day sde life is not for me. This is soemthing I have had realized working in the corpoprate as an intern for the last 1 year. So I decided to apply in some gov jobs, to check my aptitude if I am still worthy and also since I wanted to get into research decided to prepare for GATE 26 with self study. I applied for several GOV jobs like AAI JE ATC, SBI PO, IBPS PO, IBPS SO, IB DCIO, ISRO Scientist to name a few.

June I guess there were no exams then in July and august, I had the exams for aai sbi and ibps. Failed in all of them. AAI it was close to cutoff, SBI was a blunder and IBPS PO I could clear the overall cutoff but failed in one sectoin and in SO i cleared all the sectional but failed in the overall. Had I revised 11th and 12th physics and maths a bit, I feel, could have cleared AAI cutoff. Now I am in mess lost not knowing what should I pursuit, everything  seems exciting and appraochable, given some time, feels like things are achieveabel. 


September was now the month of festivals. since it wsa all after 3 years, I was diong everyhitng that I missed in last 3 years, attending ganesh ji ki aarti, dancing in visarjans, doing garba in navratri. leaving all the prep and all aside just full fun and enjoyement. no stress. 

Now comes october where I had two exam dcio ib and isro cse scientist. dcio ib was out of approach as it needs both cse and ece so going again for it will be a waste of time. ISRO again felt a bit of serios effort can do wonders as I got 33 in section a and 6 in section b and 39 overall. Also for the first time we had the chath puja at our home. Ma, papaji and choti mummy did it. 25th was kharna, which i could barely attend due to heavy traffic, though i reached home late at night. But overall chath puja was a hit. This way we ended our december. Also in October before Diwali, with help of bhaiya, planned a trip for ma and papaji, so that they could travel the south. This was done keeping in mind the convocation I had on 29th november. 

So now it's november, beginning this month with some good prep, started studying with some seriousness. did some toc, discrete maths, dsa and a bit of dbms. Still in a loop where I was not able to decide where the fuck I actually want to go. As everything seems doable. because I dont want a medicore life, something that most of the people are already doing. I dont want a medicore life, but the efforts that I put are below medicore. Something I am struggling with is medicrosity and masturbation. The day, I will overcome this, I will do wonders for sure. Consisetncy is something that I am lacking. This are the thoughts that clicks me daily. But ok now it's end of novermber, 27th night I am off to chennai with ma and papaji. 29th early morning we reach hostel. I met the roomies sujal bhavesh pradip nirmal sujal sachin, and other hostel buddies went to college recieved my degree. spent some time with a lot of people. Ma and papaji were on their own in college, as i had to go with idfferent people and i did not wanted to make them feel llike as if they are being ignored or something. they meet preeti, and ramya, and nikhil and others too, yet again, all of them helped me in ways, that improved my overall experience.  At 29th night we left for thanjavur and reached there on 30th, at night same day from thanjavur we departed to madurai and reached there in 4 hrs somewhere between 2 and 3 in the morning on 1st we had the darshan at meenakshi temple. on 1st afternoon we left from madurai to rameshwaram 1 and 2 we were in rameshwaram where we visited dhanushkodi and ramnathwamy temple. 2nd night we left off from rameshwaram to kanyakumari and reached there on 3rd morning. in kanyakumari we stayed one day i.e. the 3rd december. on 4th december at 2 or 3 in morning we left from kanyakumari to trivandrum where we reached by 7. so on 4th we explored trivandurm and on 5th morning 11am we departed from trivandrum to tirupati. and reached at 3 in morning on 6th of december. Now the thing that, without any tickets of special darsha, in sarva darshan we had our darshan completed in just 3 and half hours. from 9 o clock to the 12:30. after this we also went to padmavati amma temple and govidnrajaswamy. could not visit kalhasti due to time constraints. from here at night 12:30 on 7th we had our train to kurnool. we reached kurnool by 8 o clock in morning. from kurnool we went to srisailam same day another 7-8 hrs in bus, that was some tiring expedition. we reached the srisailam by 4 or 5 ig we got our rooms had our darshan twice once on 7th night and then on 8th early morning. again we had to leave on 8th as we have a train at 3 pm from kurnool to home. this was the trip. A good and memorable. we reached here on 10 th and same day recieved an invitation for infosys sp and dse. for this i went to delhi where ujawal, anup, abhishek and yashraj were so welcoming that they managed my stay there, it felt like home there. Results did not went as expected. but yet again, it was a close call. Then came back on 17th brought a residential plot, all by the blessings of mai and pitaji. The registry was done on 18th december. 


This was a kind of recap of my 2025, and this is not all. Also visited to simcha with ritu di and kartik, ujjain with ma pitaji bhabhiji, and a lot of things did happen. But mota moti this was all. Also feels like once again after 12th class, I have fallen in love. But it's not same like that. It all started online interactin with her. Roasting here badly some 3 years back, and then she also pranked me and that was hell strong. slowly, her beauty, and charm was attracting me, earlier it was more of a lust, atleast from my side but from this year from the beginnig i can clearly see that the lust is reducing, and I am kind of craving more for her attention and time. She does not seems interested in me. I am keeping a lot inside me, because it's quite clear that neither she is intrested in me. And also I have told her everything from my side, yet she says that since she recently had a breakup from her 7 year long relationship so now she is not ready for any relationship. Though she's from different caste, I feel like waiting for her, and keep it on sided, as long as it goes. Let see what happens in future.


talking about career, let me make it very clear that I dont want a typical desk job. Neither do I want to get a pvt job of working like 9-5 as an sde as mainstream job, nor do i want something gov as ibps po or rbi po and so. I want somehting in research if it's in core cse. when proper research, it is mtech phd and professorship, or in isro, barc drdo, nielt as scientist. Or else gov gorup a prefered or group b upper lever or gazetted kind of job. I am appearing in other exams like ibps po aai je and in mere future if i appear in ssc or other gov exam of group b that required gk and aptitude then after getting into job. i will prepare properly for the upsc. as of now writing on 27th dec, what i have thought of future is. I will write gate in 26. also barc, isi, cmi. if i am satisfied by my gate result or i perform better in isi then last year or if dirct phd from cmi is approachaable then good. If things are approachable then i will give another 1 year and prepare for 27 gate isro barc isi cmi as the syallabus is mostly same. if things appear inapprachable after exam. then i will move compltely towards aptitude and gk and prepare for ssc and gov jobs and banking be it sebi, ibps, ecgc, nabard. and after getting any one start prep for upsc or scs

Kind of complete positive in my pov, from personal to career wise, this taught me a lot of tihngs. Hope 26 will be much better awarding. My main goal will be to focus of my health, removing mediocrity from my life and to bring discipline in my life. 